In the fall, a huge
I'll keep shuffling
Find human beings
I will fit the ðŸ¶
Please hold the ðŸ¶
Recently some limited supplication
how to do
Post your phone
Is there a chance
in a preface
It took a lot.
I wasn't even going to ask about the savings.
A bulunful 1200 yen came for my daughter's return.
That way she could earn enough to support-
the dachshunds gotta play the bullfighting game.
Like someinder soldiers in an army group.
I'll tell him to be careful not to go far.
I'll tell him to be quiet and play.
I'll tell him to play in the neighborhood.
I'll tell him to come back as soon as he hears the sound of the
sound of the wind.
I'll tell him to come back as soon as possible.
Hey, Hanzuke, be careful.
Dad Generation
is mine.
Please be careful.
Be safe.
Nene, don't be afraid.
Please be careful.
And now please take care of it.
No, just play more
and get a friend.
He ran out of the house.
He was in a bad mood because he heard a loud voice.
He put on a blanket and fell asleep.
The
blanket fell on his head.
Then, he had a cold.
He was in a bad mood because he heard a loud voice.
Thank you for watching!